README.md, before:

# LEETCODE

## Solved

1. [Hamming Distance](https://leetcode.com/problems/hamming-distance)
2. [Judge Route Circle](https://leetcode.com/problems/judge-route-circle)
3. [FizzBuzz](https://leetcode.com/problems/fizz-buzz)
4. [MaxConsecutiveOnes](https://leetcode.com/problems/max-consecutive-ones)
5. [MaximumDepthofBinaryTree](https://leetcode.com/problems/judge-route-circle/)
6. [NextGreaterElementOne](https://leetcode.com/problems/judge-route-circle/)
7. [ReshapetheMatrix](https://leetcode.com/problems/reshape-the-matrix)
8. [ReverseLinkedList](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list)
9. [ImageSmoother](https://leetcode.com/problems/image-smoother)
10. [Find All Duplicates in an Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-all-duplicates-in-an-array)
11. [Ransom Note](https://leetcode.com/problems/ransom-note)
12. [Count Primes](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-primes)
13. [Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum)
14. [Replace Words](https://leetcode.com/problems/replace-words)
15. [Linked List Cycle](https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-cycle)
16. [Plus One](https://leetcode.com/problems/plus-one)
17. [Power of Four](https://leetcode.com/problems/power-of-four)
18. [Merge Two Sorted Lists](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists)
19. [Number of 1 Bits](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-1-bits)
20. [LongestUncommonSubsequence](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-uncommon-subsequence-i)
21. [Majority Element](https://leetcode.com/problems/majority-element)
22. [Degree of an Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/degree-of-an-array)
23. [ExcelSheetColumnNumber](https://leetcode.com/problems/excel-sheet-column-number)
24. [Detect Capital](https://leetcode.com/problems/detect-capital/)
25. [SelfDividingNumbers](https://leetcode.com/problems/self-dividing-numbers)
26. [1-bit and 2-bit Characters](https://leetcode.com/problems/1-bit-and-2-bit-characters)
27. [Add Digits](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-digits)
28. [Employee Importance](https://leetcode.com/problems/employee-importance)
29. [Invert Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/invert-binary-tree)
30. [Binary Number with Alternating Bits](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-number-with-alternating-bits)
31. [LRU Cache](https://leetcode.com/problems/lru-cache/description/)
32. [Power of Two](https://leetcode.com/problems/power-of-two/description/)
33. [Move Zeroes](https://leetcode.com/problems/move-zeroes/description/)
34. [Flood Fill](https://leetcode.com/problems/flood-fill/description/)
35. [Range Addition II](https://leetcode.com/problems/range-addition-ii/description/)
36. [Find the Difference](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-the-difference/description/)
37. [Construct String from Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/construct-string-from-binary-tree/description/)
38. [Maximum Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-binary-tree/description/)
39. [Complex Number Multiplication](https://leetcode.com/problems/complex-number-multiplication/description/)
40. [Intersection of Two Arrays](https://leetcode.com/problems/intersection-of-two-arrays/description/)
41. [Binary Tree Tilt](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-tilt/description/)
42. [Base 7](https://leetcode.com/problems/base-7/description/)
43. [SumOfLeftLeaves](https://leetcode.com/problems/sum-of-left-leaves/description/)
44. [Power of Three](https://leetcode.com/problems/power-of-three/description/)
45. [Find Pivot Index](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-pivot-index/description/)
46. [Search Insert Position](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-insert-position/description/)
47. [Roman to Integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/roman-to-integer/description/)
48. [Valid Anagram](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-anagram/description/)
49. [Teemo Attacking](https://leetcode.com/problems/teemo-attacking/description/)
50. [Reverse Integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-integer/description/)
51. [Longest Common Prefix](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-common-prefix/description/)
52. [Counting Bits](https://leetcode.com/problems/counting-bits/description/)
53. [Reverse Vowels of a String](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-vowels-of-a-string/description/)
54. [Is Subsequence](https://leetcode.com/problems/is-subsequence/description/)
55. [Min Stack](https://leetcode.com/problems/min-stack/description/)
56. [Find Largest Value in Each Tree Row](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-largest-value-in-each-tree-row/description/)
57. [Kth Smallest Element in a BST](https://leetcode.com/problems/kth-smallest-element-in-a-bst/description/)
58. [Daily Temperatures](https://leetcode.com/problems/daily-temperatures/description/)
59. [Two Sum IV - Input is a BST](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum-iv-input-is-a-bst/description/)
60. [Single Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/single-number/description/)
61. [Student Attendance Record I](https://leetcode.com/problems/student-attendance-record-i/description/)
62. [Same Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/same-tree/description/)
63. [Assign Cookies](https://leetcode.com/problems/assign-cookies/description/)
64. [Construct the Rectangle](https://leetcode.com/problems/construct-the-rectangle/description/)
65. [Jewels and Stones](https://leetcode.com/problems/jewels-and-stones/discuss/132077/Java-Clear-Code-Beats-99-using-Hashing)
66. [Unique Morse Code Words](https://leetcode.com/problems/unique-morse-code-words/)
67. [Number of Lines To Write String](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-lines-to-write-string/description/)
68. [Shortest Distance to a Character](https://leetcode.com/problems/shortest-distance-to-a-character/)
69. [Merge Two Binary Trees](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-binary-trees)
70. [Subdomain Visit Count](https://leetcode.com/problems/subdomain-visit-count)
71. [Island Perimeter](https://leetcode.com/problems/island-perimeter/description/)
72. [Partition Labels](https://leetcode.com/problems/partition-labels/description/)
73. [Max Increase to Keep City Skyline](https://leetcode.com/problems/max-increase-to-keep-city-skyline/)
74. [Binary Search Tree to Greater Sum Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-search-tree-to-greater-sum-tree)
75. [Insert into a Binary Search Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/insert-into-a-binary-search-tree/)
76. [Defanging an IP Address](https://leetcode.com/problems/defanging-an-ip-address/)
77. [Range Sum of BST](https://leetcode.com/problems/range-sum-of-bst/submissions/)
78. [To Lower Case](https://leetcode.com/problems/to-lower-case/)
79. [Find Common Characters](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-common-characters/)
80. [K-diff Pairs in an Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/k-diff-pairs-in-an-array/)
81. [Available Captures for Rook](https://leetcode.com/problems/available-captures-for-rook/submissions/)
82. [Occurrences After Bigram](https://leetcode.com/problems/occurrences-after-bigram/)
83. [Minimum Add to Make Parentheses Valid](https://https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-add-to-make-parentheses-valid/)
84. [Fibonacci Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/fibonacci-number/)
85. [Number of Recent Calls](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-recent-calls/)
85. [DI String Match](https://leetcode.com/problems/di-string-match/submissions/)
86. [Middle of the Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/middle-of-the-linked-list)
87. [Contains Duplicate](https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate/submissions/)
88. [Distance Between Bus Stops](https://leetcode.com/problems/distance-between-bus-stops/)
89. [Letter Tile Possibilities](https://leetcode.com/problems/letter-tile-possibilities/)
90. [Unique Paths](https://leetcode.com/problems/unique-paths/)
91. [Unique Number of Occurrences](https://leetcode.com/problems/unique-number-of-occurrences/)
92. [SortArrayByParity](https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-array-by-parity/)
92. [Sort Array By Parity II](https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-array-by-parity-ii/)
93. [N-th Tribonacci Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/n-th-tribonacci-number/)
94. [N-ary Tree Level Order Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/n-ary-tree-level-order-traversal/)
95. [Reverse Only Letters](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-only-letters/)
96. [Split a String in Balanced Strings](https://leetcode.com/problems/split-a-string-in-balanced-strings/)
97. [Delete Columns to Make Sorted](https://leetcode.com/problems/delete-columns-to-make-sorted/)
98. [Lemonade Change](https://leetcode.com/problems/lemonade-change/)
99. [Maximize Sum Of Array After K Negations](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximize-sum-of-array-after-k-negations)
100. [Maximum Depth of N-ary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-depth-of-n-ary-tree/)
101. [Distribute Candies to People](https://leetcode.com/problems/distribute-candies-to-people/)
102. [Cells with Odd Values in a Matrix](https://leetcode.com/problems/cells-with-odd-values-in-a-matrix/)
103. [Search in a Binary Search Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-in-a-binary-search-tree/)
104. [N-ary Tree Postorder Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/n-ary-tree-postorder-traversal/)
104. [N-ary Tree Preorder Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/n-ary-tree-preorder-traversal/)
105. [Letter Case Permutation](https://leetcode.com/problems/letter-case-permutation/)
106. [Find Bottom Left Tree Value](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-bottom-left-tree-value/)
107. [Matrix Cells in Distance Order](https://leetcode.com/problems/matrix-cells-in-distance-order/)
108. [Maximum Number of Balloons](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-number-of-balloons/)
109. [Complement of Base 10 Integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/complement-of-base-10-integer/)
110. [Positions of Large Groups](https://leetcode.com/problems/positions-of-large-groups/)
111. [ClimbingStairs](https://leetcode.com/problems/climbing-stairs/solution/)
112. [Find the Town Judge](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-the-town-judge/)
113. [Valid Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/)
114. [Remove Element](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-element/)
115. [Add Two Numbers](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers/)
116. [Longest Palindrome](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-palindrome/)
117. [Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters/)
118. [Integer to Roman](https://leetcode.com/problems/integer-to-roman/)
119. [Container With Most Water](https://leetcode.com/problems/container-with-most-water/)
120. [Palindrome Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-number/)  
121. [Last Stone Weight](https://leetcode.com/problems/last-stone-weight/)  
122. [Minimum Path Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-path-sum/)
123. [Trapping Rain Water](https://leetcode.com/problems/trapping-rain-water/)
124. [Number of Islands](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-islands/)
125. [3Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/3sum/)
126. [3Sum Closest](https://leetcode.com/problems/3sum-closest/)
127. [MaximumSubArray](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-subarray/)
128. [Minimum Size Subarray Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-size-subarray-sum/)
129. [Flatten Nested List Iterator](https://leetcode.com/problems/flatten-nested-list-iterator/)
130. [Palindrome Permutation](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-permutation/)
131. [Max Stack](https://leetcode.com/problems/max-stack/)
132. [Merge k Sorted Lists](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-k-sorted-lists/)
133. [Car Pooling](https://leetcode.com/problems/car-pooling/)
134. [Meeting Rooms II](https://leetcode.com/problems/meeting-rooms-ii/)
135. [Subarray Sum Equals K](https://leetcode.com/problems/subarray-sum-equals-k/)
136. [Most Common Word](https://leetcode.com/problems/most-common-word/)
137. [Top K Frequent Elements](https://leetcode.com/problems/top-k-frequent-elements/)
138. [String Compression](https://leetcode.com/problems/string-compression/)
139. [K Closest Points to Origin](https://leetcode.com/problems/k-closest-points-to-origin/)
140. [Minimum Remove to Make Valid Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-remove-to-make-valid-parentheses/)
141. [Cousins in Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/cousins-in-binary-tree/)
142. [Kids With the Greatest Number of Candies](https://leetcode.com/problems/kids-with-the-greatest-number-of-candies/)
143. [Count Square Submatrices with All Ones](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-square-submatrices-with-all-ones/)
144. [Maximal Square](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximal-square/)
145. [Subtract the Product and Sum of Digits of an Integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/subtract-the-product-and-sum-of-digits-of-an-integer/)
146. [Two Sum II - Input array is sorted](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted/)
147. [House Robber](https://leetcode.com/problems/house-robber/)
148. [Max Area of Island](https://leetcode.com/problems/max-area-of-island/)
149. [Binary Search Tree Iterator](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-search-tree-iterator/)
150. [Add Two Numbers II](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers-ii/)
151. [Binary Tree Zigzag Level Order Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-zigzag-level-order-traversal/submissions/)
152. [Shuffle the Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/shuffle-the-array/)
153. [Remove Vowels from a String](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-vowels-from-a-string/)
154. [Number of Steps to Reduce a Number to Zero](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-steps-to-reduce-a-number-to-zero/)
155. [Single-Row Keyboard](https://leetcode.com/problems/single-row-keyboard/)
156. [Maximum Subarray](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-subarray/)
157. [Running Sum of 1d Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/running-sum-of-1d-array/)
158. [Create Target Array in the Given Order](https://leetcode.com/problems/create-target-array-in-the-given-order/)
159. [Find All The Lonely Nodes](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-all-the-lonely-nodes/)
160. [Find N Unique Integers Sum up to Zero](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-n-unique-integers-sum-up-to-zero/)
161. [Target Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/target-sum/)
162. [Relative Sort Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/relative-sort-array/)
163. [Univalued Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/univalued-binary-tree/)
154. [High Five](https://leetcode.com/problems/high-five/)
155. [Longest Palindromic Subsequence](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-palindromic-subsequence/)
156. [Nested List Weight SumNested List Weight Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/nested-list-weight-sum/)
157. [XOR Operation in an Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/xor-operation-in-an-array/)
158. [Minimum Time Visiting All Points](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-time-visiting-all-points/)
159. [How Many Numbers Are Smaller Than the Current Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/how-many-numbers-are-smaller-than-the-current-number/)
160. [Find Numbers with Even Number of Digits](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-numbers-with-even-number-of-digits/)
161. [Decompress Run-Length Encoded List](https://leetcode.com/problems/decompress-run-length-encoded-list/)
162. [Path Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/path-sum/)
163. [SumOfDigitsInTheMinimumNumber](https://leetcode.com/problems/sum-of-digits-in-the-minimum-number/)
164. [Palindrome Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-linked-list/)
165. [Palindromic Substrings](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindromic-substrings/)
166. [Moving Average from Data Stream](https://leetcode.com/problems/moving-average-from-data-stream/)
167. [Contains Duplicate II](https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate-ii/)
168. [Time Based Key-Value Store](https://leetcode.com/problems/time-based-key-value-store/)
169. [Lowest Common Ancestor of a Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/lowest-common-ancestor-of-a-binary-tree/)
170. [Binary Tree Maximum Path Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-maximum-path-sum/)
171. [Find Minimum in Rotated Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array/)


## To Solve

1. [Permutations](https://leetcode.com/problems/permutations)

## Failed

2. [PermutationInString]()

# Baekjoon

1. [ATM](https://www.acmicpc.net/problem/11399)
2. [Compare two numbers](https://www.acmicpc.net/problem/1330)

Commit message:

- Solved Find First and Last Position of Element in Sorted Array

README.md, after:

# LEETCODE

## Solved

1. [Hamming Distance](https://leetcode.com/problems/hamming-distance)
2. [Judge Route Circle](https://leetcode.com/problems/judge-route-circle)
3. [FizzBuzz](https://leetcode.com/problems/fizz-buzz)
4. [MaxConsecutiveOnes](https://leetcode.com/problems/max-consecutive-ones)
5. [MaximumDepthofBinaryTree](https://leetcode.com/problems/judge-route-circle/)
6. [NextGreaterElementOne](https://leetcode.com/problems/judge-route-circle/)
7. [ReshapetheMatrix](https://leetcode.com/problems/reshape-the-matrix)
8. [ReverseLinkedList](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list)
9. [ImageSmoother](https://leetcode.com/problems/image-smoother)
10. [Find All Duplicates in an Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-all-duplicates-in-an-array)
11. [Ransom Note](https://leetcode.com/problems/ransom-note)
12. [Count Primes](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-primes)
13. [Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum)
14. [Replace Words](https://leetcode.com/problems/replace-words)
15. [Linked List Cycle](https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-cycle)
16. [Plus One](https://leetcode.com/problems/plus-one)
17. [Power of Four](https://leetcode.com/problems/power-of-four)
18. [Merge Two Sorted Lists](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists)
19. [Number of 1 Bits](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-1-bits)
20. [LongestUncommonSubsequence](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-uncommon-subsequence-i)
21. [Majority Element](https://leetcode.com/problems/majority-element)
22. [Degree of an Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/degree-of-an-array)
23. [ExcelSheetColumnNumber](https://leetcode.com/problems/excel-sheet-column-number)
24. [Detect Capital](https://leetcode.com/problems/detect-capital/)
25. [SelfDividingNumbers](https://leetcode.com/problems/self-dividing-numbers)
26. [1-bit and 2-bit Characters](https://leetcode.com/problems/1-bit-and-2-bit-characters)
27. [Add Digits](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-digits)
28. [Employee Importance](https://leetcode.com/problems/employee-importance)
29. [Invert Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/invert-binary-tree)
30. [Binary Number with Alternating Bits](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-number-with-alternating-bits)
31. [LRU Cache](https://leetcode.com/problems/lru-cache/description/)
32. [Power of Two](https://leetcode.com/problems/power-of-two/description/)
33. [Move Zeroes](https://leetcode.com/problems/move-zeroes/description/)
34. [Flood Fill](https://leetcode.com/problems/flood-fill/description/)
35. [Range Addition II](https://leetcode.com/problems/range-addition-ii/description/)
36. [Find the Difference](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-the-difference/description/)
37. [Construct String from Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/construct-string-from-binary-tree/description/)
38. [Maximum Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-binary-tree/description/)
39. [Complex Number Multiplication](https://leetcode.com/problems/complex-number-multiplication/description/)
40. [Intersection of Two Arrays](https://leetcode.com/problems/intersection-of-two-arrays/description/)
41. [Binary Tree Tilt](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-tilt/description/)
42. [Base 7](https://leetcode.com/problems/base-7/description/)
43. [SumOfLeftLeaves](https://leetcode.com/problems/sum-of-left-leaves/description/)
44. [Power of Three](https://leetcode.com/problems/power-of-three/description/)
45. [Find Pivot Index](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-pivot-index/description/)
46. [Search Insert Position](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-insert-position/description/)
47. [Roman to Integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/roman-to-integer/description/)
48. [Valid Anagram](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-anagram/description/)
49. [Teemo Attacking](https://leetcode.com/problems/teemo-attacking/description/)
50. [Reverse Integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-integer/description/)
51. [Longest Common Prefix](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-common-prefix/description/)
52. [Counting Bits](https://leetcode.com/problems/counting-bits/description/)
53. [Reverse Vowels of a String](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-vowels-of-a-string/description/)
54. [Is Subsequence](https://leetcode.com/problems/is-subsequence/description/)
55. [Min Stack](https://leetcode.com/problems/min-stack/description/)
56. [Find Largest Value in Each Tree Row](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-largest-value-in-each-tree-row/description/)
57. [Kth Smallest Element in a BST](https://leetcode.com/problems/kth-smallest-element-in-a-bst/description/)
58. [Daily Temperatures](https://leetcode.com/problems/daily-temperatures/description/)
59. [Two Sum IV - Input is a BST](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum-iv-input-is-a-bst/description/)
60. [Single Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/single-number/description/)
61. [Student Attendance Record I](https://leetcode.com/problems/student-attendance-record-i/description/)
62. [Same Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/same-tree/description/)
63. [Assign Cookies](https://leetcode.com/problems/assign-cookies/description/)
64. [Construct the Rectangle](https://leetcode.com/problems/construct-the-rectangle/description/)
65. [Jewels and Stones](https://leetcode.com/problems/jewels-and-stones/discuss/132077/Java-Clear-Code-Beats-99-using-Hashing)
66. [Unique Morse Code Words](https://leetcode.com/problems/unique-morse-code-words/)
67. [Number of Lines To Write String](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-lines-to-write-string/description/)
68. [Shortest Distance to a Character](https://leetcode.com/problems/shortest-distance-to-a-character/)
69. [Merge Two Binary Trees](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-binary-trees)
70. [Subdomain Visit Count](https://leetcode.com/problems/subdomain-visit-count)
71. [Island Perimeter](https://leetcode.com/problems/island-perimeter/description/)
72. [Partition Labels](https://leetcode.com/problems/partition-labels/description/)
73. [Max Increase to Keep City Skyline](https://leetcode.com/problems/max-increase-to-keep-city-skyline/)
74. [Binary Search Tree to Greater Sum Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-search-tree-to-greater-sum-tree)
75. [Insert into a Binary Search Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/insert-into-a-binary-search-tree/)
76. [Defanging an IP Address](https://leetcode.com/problems/defanging-an-ip-address/)
77. [Range Sum of BST](https://leetcode.com/problems/range-sum-of-bst/submissions/)
78. [To Lower Case](https://leetcode.com/problems/to-lower-case/)
79. [Find Common Characters](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-common-characters/)
80. [K-diff Pairs in an Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/k-diff-pairs-in-an-array/)
81. [Available Captures for Rook](https://leetcode.com/problems/available-captures-for-rook/submissions/)
82. [Occurrences After Bigram](https://leetcode.com/problems/occurrences-after-bigram/)
83. [Minimum Add to Make Parentheses Valid](https://https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-add-to-make-parentheses-valid/)
84. [Fibonacci Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/fibonacci-number/)
85. [Number of Recent Calls](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-recent-calls/)
85. [DI String Match](https://leetcode.com/problems/di-string-match/submissions/)
86. [Middle of the Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/middle-of-the-linked-list)
87. [Contains Duplicate](https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate/submissions/)
88. [Distance Between Bus Stops](https://leetcode.com/problems/distance-between-bus-stops/)
89. [Letter Tile Possibilities](https://leetcode.com/problems/letter-tile-possibilities/)
90. [Unique Paths](https://leetcode.com/problems/unique-paths/)
91. [Unique Number of Occurrences](https://leetcode.com/problems/unique-number-of-occurrences/)
92. [SortArrayByParity](https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-array-by-parity/)
92. [Sort Array By Parity II](https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-array-by-parity-ii/)
93. [N-th Tribonacci Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/n-th-tribonacci-number/)
94. [N-ary Tree Level Order Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/n-ary-tree-level-order-traversal/)
95. [Reverse Only Letters](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-only-letters/)
96. [Split a String in Balanced Strings](https://leetcode.com/problems/split-a-string-in-balanced-strings/)
97. [Delete Columns to Make Sorted](https://leetcode.com/problems/delete-columns-to-make-sorted/)
98. [Lemonade Change](https://leetcode.com/problems/lemonade-change/)
99. [Maximize Sum Of Array After K Negations](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximize-sum-of-array-after-k-negations)
100. [Maximum Depth of N-ary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-depth-of-n-ary-tree/)
101. [Distribute Candies to People](https://leetcode.com/problems/distribute-candies-to-people/)
102. [Cells with Odd Values in a Matrix](https://leetcode.com/problems/cells-with-odd-values-in-a-matrix/)
103. [Search in a Binary Search Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-in-a-binary-search-tree/)
104. [N-ary Tree Postorder Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/n-ary-tree-postorder-traversal/)
104. [N-ary Tree Preorder Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/n-ary-tree-preorder-traversal/)
105. [Letter Case Permutation](https://leetcode.com/problems/letter-case-permutation/)
106. [Find Bottom Left Tree Value](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-bottom-left-tree-value/)
107. [Matrix Cells in Distance Order](https://leetcode.com/problems/matrix-cells-in-distance-order/)
108. [Maximum Number of Balloons](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-number-of-balloons/)
109. [Complement of Base 10 Integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/complement-of-base-10-integer/)
110. [Positions of Large Groups](https://leetcode.com/problems/positions-of-large-groups/)
111. [ClimbingStairs](https://leetcode.com/problems/climbing-stairs/solution/)
112. [Find the Town Judge](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-the-town-judge/)
113. [Valid Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/)
114. [Remove Element](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-element/)
115. [Add Two Numbers](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers/)
116. [Longest Palindrome](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-palindrome/)
117. [Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters/)
118. [Integer to Roman](https://leetcode.com/problems/integer-to-roman/)
119. [Container With Most Water](https://leetcode.com/problems/container-with-most-water/)
120. [Palindrome Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-number/)  
121. [Last Stone Weight](https://leetcode.com/problems/last-stone-weight/)  
122. [Minimum Path Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-path-sum/)
123. [Trapping Rain Water](https://leetcode.com/problems/trapping-rain-water/)
124. [Number of Islands](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-islands/)
125. [3Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/3sum/)
126. [3Sum Closest](https://leetcode.com/problems/3sum-closest/)
127. [MaximumSubArray](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-subarray/)
128. [Minimum Size Subarray Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-size-subarray-sum/)
129. [Flatten Nested List Iterator](https://leetcode.com/problems/flatten-nested-list-iterator/)
130. [Palindrome Permutation](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-permutation/)
131. [Max Stack](https://leetcode.com/problems/max-stack/)
132. [Merge k Sorted Lists](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-k-sorted-lists/)
133. [Car Pooling](https://leetcode.com/problems/car-pooling/)
134. [Meeting Rooms II](https://leetcode.com/problems/meeting-rooms-ii/)
135. [Subarray Sum Equals K](https://leetcode.com/problems/subarray-sum-equals-k/)
136. [Most Common Word](https://leetcode.com/problems/most-common-word/)
137. [Top K Frequent Elements](https://leetcode.com/problems/top-k-frequent-elements/)
138. [String Compression](https://leetcode.com/problems/string-compression/)
139. [K Closest Points to Origin](https://leetcode.com/problems/k-closest-points-to-origin/)
140. [Minimum Remove to Make Valid Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-remove-to-make-valid-parentheses/)
141. [Cousins in Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/cousins-in-binary-tree/)
142. [Kids With the Greatest Number of Candies](https://leetcode.com/problems/kids-with-the-greatest-number-of-candies/)
143. [Count Square Submatrices with All Ones](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-square-submatrices-with-all-ones/)
144. [Maximal Square](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximal-square/)
145. [Subtract the Product and Sum of Digits of an Integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/subtract-the-product-and-sum-of-digits-of-an-integer/)
146. [Two Sum II - Input array is sorted](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted/)
147. [House Robber](https://leetcode.com/problems/house-robber/)
148. [Max Area of Island](https://leetcode.com/problems/max-area-of-island/)
149. [Binary Search Tree Iterator](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-search-tree-iterator/)
150. [Add Two Numbers II](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers-ii/)
151. [Binary Tree Zigzag Level Order Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-zigzag-level-order-traversal/submissions/)
152. [Shuffle the Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/shuffle-the-array/)
153. [Remove Vowels from a String](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-vowels-from-a-string/)
154. [Number of Steps to Reduce a Number to Zero](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-steps-to-reduce-a-number-to-zero/)
155. [Single-Row Keyboard](https://leetcode.com/problems/single-row-keyboard/)
156. [Maximum Subarray](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-subarray/)
157. [Running Sum of 1d Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/running-sum-of-1d-array/)
158. [Create Target Array in the Given Order](https://leetcode.com/problems/create-target-array-in-the-given-order/)
159. [Find All The Lonely Nodes](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-all-the-lonely-nodes/)
160. [Find N Unique Integers Sum up to Zero](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-n-unique-integers-sum-up-to-zero/)
161. [Target Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/target-sum/)
162. [Relative Sort Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/relative-sort-array/)
163. [Univalued Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/univalued-binary-tree/)
154. [High Five](https://leetcode.com/problems/high-five/)
155. [Longest Palindromic Subsequence](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-palindromic-subsequence/)
156. [Nested List Weight SumNested List Weight Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/nested-list-weight-sum/)
157. [XOR Operation in an Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/xor-operation-in-an-array/)
158. [Minimum Time Visiting All Points](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-time-visiting-all-points/)
159. [How Many Numbers Are Smaller Than the Current Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/how-many-numbers-are-smaller-than-the-current-number/)
160. [Find Numbers with Even Number of Digits](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-numbers-with-even-number-of-digits/)
161. [Decompress Run-Length Encoded List](https://leetcode.com/problems/decompress-run-length-encoded-list/)
162. [Path Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/path-sum/)
163. [SumOfDigitsInTheMinimumNumber](https://leetcode.com/problems/sum-of-digits-in-the-minimum-number/)
164. [Palindrome Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-linked-list/)
165. [Palindromic Substrings](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindromic-substrings/)
166. [Moving Average from Data Stream](https://leetcode.com/problems/moving-average-from-data-stream/)
167. [Contains Duplicate II](https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate-ii/)
168. [Time Based Key-Value Store](https://leetcode.com/problems/time-based-key-value-store/)
169. [Lowest Common Ancestor of a Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/lowest-common-ancestor-of-a-binary-tree/)
170. [Binary Tree Maximum Path Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-maximum-path-sum/)
171. [Find Minimum in Rotated Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array/)
172. [Find First and Last Position of Element in Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-first-and-last-position-of-element-in-sorted-array/)


## To Solve

1. [Permutations](https://leetcode.com/problems/permutations)

## Failed

2. [PermutationInString]()

# Baekjoon

1. [ATM](https://www.acmicpc.net/problem/11399)
2. [Compare two numbers](https://www.acmicpc.net/problem/1330)
